Tag Analysis GA docs (#30329)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_explorer/tag_analysis.md

You can initiate Tag Analysis from several locations:

> - **Trace Explorer Point Plot Viz**: Select a cluster of spans by brushing over the graph (spanning duration and time range) to define a subset of spans to compare against. The same visualisation can be found in [service][3] and [resource][4] pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Trace Explorer Point Plot Visualization**: Select a cluster of spans by brushing over the graph (spanning duration and time range) to define a subset of spans to compare against. The same visualization can be found in [service][3] and [resource][4] pages.
```
